## Checklist

### Functionality

- [x] Verify that a user can login with a valid username and valid password.
- [x] Verify if a user cannot login with a valid username and an invalid password.
- [-] Verify that it says “Invalid username or password!” somewhere for invalid login.
- [-] Verify if the data in password field is either visible as asterisk or bullet signs.
- [-] Verify if the ‘Enter’ key of the keyboard is working correctly on the login page.
- [x] Verify that the login button attempts a login.
- [x] Logging in will the take the user to /LoggedIn
- [x] Verify that a user that is logged in to the correct account.
- [x] Case sensitive

### Reliability

- [x] If an error occurs, the user can attempt to login again.
- [x] Logging in should behave the same way every time.

### Usability

- [-] Verify that the font is easy to read.
- [-] Verify that the contrast of text color and background has a high enough contrast
- [-] Verify that the layout of the login page is as you would expect.
- [-] Verify that the labels are useful.
- [-] Verify that the page is not really ugly.

### Efficiency

- [-] Verify the time taken to login is less than 1 second.
- [-] Verify that logging in is not unneccessarily complicated

### Portability

- [x] Verify that the login page works on Google Chrome.
- [x] Verify that the login page works on Microsoft Edge.
- [x] Verify that the login page works on Safari.
- [x] Verify that the login page works on Firefox.
- [x] Verify that the login page works on a smart phone.

0 fel
